Point to the blog post (#102)
okteto/remote-kubernetes: README.md

## Getting started

> There is a complete tutorial [here](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-kubernetes-development/). A summary of the steps is:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a complete tutorial [here](https://okteto.com/blog/remote-kubernetes-development/). The steps can be summarized as follows:
```
